zkEVM - QA edits - datastreamer (#637)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/zkEVM/architecture/data-streamer/server-source-library.md

> Interaction between the stream source and each stream server is enabled by the Server-source library, which is a Go library with six main functions for modifying or adding entries to operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interaction between the stream source and each stream server is enabled by the `server-source` library, which is a Go library with six main functions for modifying or adding entries to operations.
```

Reviewer: Link to library?

### Send data functions

When each of these functions is called, a corresponding message is generated and sent to the stream server:

1. $\texttt{StartAtomicOp}(\ )$ starts an atomic operation. When called, a message that amounts to saying: "start an atomic operation," is generated and sent from the stream source to the stream server.
2. $\texttt{AddStreamEntry(u32 entryType, u8[] data)}$ adds an entry to the atomic operation and returns an $\texttt{u64 entryNumber}$. When called, a message equivalent to saying: "Add an entry of this type, with this data, to the current atomic operation," is generated and sent to the stream server.
3. $\texttt{AddStreamBookmark(u8[] bookmark)}$ adds an entry to the atomic operation and returns an $\texttt{u64}$ $\texttt{entryNumber}$. 
4. $\texttt{CommitAtomicOp}(\ )$ commits an operation $\texttt{Op}$ so that its entries can be sent to stream clients. When called, a message which is tantamount to saying: "All entries associated with the current operation have been sent, the operation ends with the last sent entry," is generated and sent to the stream server.
5. $\texttt{RollbackAtomicOp}(\ )$ rolls back an atomic operation. 

> 6. $\texttt{UpdateEntryData(u64 entryNumber, u32 entryType, u8[] newData)}$ updates an existing entry. This function only applies to entries for which the atomic operation has not been committed.

Reviewer: _equivalent_ and _tantamount_ mean nearly the same as but not exactly the same as ... but then you quote the message as if it is exactly like that ... 

There's a lot of passive in this section which could be avoided maybe.

### Query data functions

> The stream source can use a few more functions of the stream server-source library, to get information from the stream server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The stream source uses the following functions of the stream server-source library to get information from the stream server.
```

> It uses the following functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- $\texttt{GetHeader()}$: The stream source uses this function to query the header of a particular entry. The function returns, $\texttt{struct HeaderEntry}$.

> - $\texttt{GetEntry(u64 entryNumber)}$: This function is used to get an entry that corresponds to a given entry number. It returns, $\texttt{struct FileEntry}$.

Reviewer: For all these I would use the following more common API style instead:

```
### `entryNumber(..)` 

Returns a `FileEntry` corresponding to the `entryNumber` parameter.
```

And maybe details the parameter types.

- $\texttt{GetBookmark(u8[ ] bookmark)}$: The stream source uses this function to get a bookmark. The function returns, $\texttt{u64 entryNumber}$.
- $\texttt{GetFirstEventAfterBookmark(u8[ ] bookmark)}$: This function is used to get the first entry after a given bookmark. It returns, $\texttt{struct FileEntry}$.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The complete stream source-server library is described, but referred to as the DATA STREAMER INTERFACE (API), [here](https://github.com/0xPolygonHermez/zkevm-data-streamer#data-streamer-interface-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! tip
Find out more about the [DATA STREAMER INTERFACE API](https://github.com/0xPolygonHermez/zkevm-data-streamer#data-streamer-interface-api).
```
